docs: update pricing page to include service bindings section. (#7525)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/pricing.md

Requests that hit the [Durable Objects in-memory cache](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/#accessing-persistent-storage-from-a-durable-object) or that use the [multi-key versions of get/put/delete methods](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#transactional-storage-api) are billed the same as if they were a normal, individual request for each key.

> ## Service Bindings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Service bindings
```

> Service Bindings cost the same as any normal Worker; each invocation is charged as if it’s a request from the Internet – with one major and important difference. You will be charged a single billable duration across all Workers triggered by a single incoming request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service bindings cost the same as any normal Worker. Each invocation is charged as if it is a request from the Internet with one important difference. You will be charged a single billable duration across all Workers triggered by a single incoming request.
```

Reviewer: Other languages don't use ; and - so to make readability and translation easier, we avoid these symbols in docs.

Author: I'll keep that in mind. Thanks!

> For more information on how service bindings work, [read the docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/bindings/about-service-bindings/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how service bindings work, refer to [About Service bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/bindings/about-service-bindings/).
```
